Hey ____,

Thank you for getting in touch! Like I said in the ad the full experiment takes between 10-20 hours total, half of that is a behavioral experiment and the other half is MRI scanning. Your participation is voluntary and you can withdraw at any time, but ideally you can commit to doing the entire experiment. We run these longer experiments for two reasons: we find that for participants being part of a longer experiment is more interesting and motivating (as well as better paid). We also find that the quality of data is far superior to participants who only come in for an hour at a time and don't learn about the researchers and our goals.

I have a quick questionnaire below that will help us both figure out whether you will be a good candidate for participation. If you can give me a bit of detail in your responses that would be very helpful! 

(1) Will you be in the Stanford area until at least October, 2015?
(2) Have you previously been scanned in an MRI and were you comfortable?
(3) Have you previously participated in experiments in which you were asked to maintain fixation while you performed a task?
(4) Will you be available to scan during weekdays, weekends, weekday nights (after 8pm), and/or weekday mornings (before 8a)?
(5) Are you a US citizen, an international visiting on a green card, or an international on a Stanford sponsored work visa? (If you aren't in one of these categories I'm sorry but you won't be able to participate)

Let's also try to find a time next week where you can come in to the lab for ~30 minutes so that you can meet me, practice the task for a few minutes, and discuss whether you want to commit to the full experiment. Here are some time slots that are open right now:

_____

Thanks again for your interest,
Dan Birman

(This experiment is part of a study being run by the Gardner Lab: gru.stanford.edu)





----



Hey Bri,

All of that sounds fine. The fixation stuff will be more clear on Monday when you come in to the lab. Let's plan to meet Monday at 11am, for about a half hour. My office is in building 420, Jordan Hall, room 312. Jordan hall is off the main quad, close to oval. If you're standing in the oval, facing the church, the building is on your right. If you have any trouble finding me don't hesitate to call: 607-342-2612.

See you then,
Dan Birman